Document how to access the data model (#54)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/development/data-model/README.md

Salt is very powerful in that it is theory-neutral and tagset-independent, and can model a vast variety of linguistic data and annotations.

To find out more about the Salt meta model for linguistic data and its Java API, please refer to the [Salt homepage](https://corpus-tools.org/salt), and the [Salt documentation](https://korpling.github.io/salt/doc/).

> ## Access the data model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Accessing the data model
```

> A running Hexatomic instance operates on a Salt project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During runtime, Hexatomic operates on a single Salt project at any one time.
```

> The currently opened Salt project is part of the global state of the application an can be accessed by [injecting](http://web.archive.org/web/20190807184652/https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/EclipseRCP/article.html#dependency-injection-and-eclipse) an instance of the `ProjectManager` singleton into your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently opened Salt project is part of the global state of the application, and can be accessed by injecting an instance of the `ProjectManager` singleton into your code.
For an overview of how dependency injection works in Eclipse-based applications such as Hexatomic, see Lars Vogel's tutorial ["Dependency injection and Eclipse"](http://web.archive.org/web/20190807184652/https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/EclipseRCP/article.html#dependency-injection-and-eclipse).
```

Cf. #58 and the [Google dev docs style guide's section on links](https://developers.google.com/style/cross-references)

```java
import javax.inject.Inject;
import org.corpus_tools.hexatomic.core.ProjectManager;
import org.corpus_tools.salt.common.SaltProject;

public class MyClass {
	
	@Inject
	private ProjectManager projectManager;
	
	public void execute() {
		SaltProject theProject = projectManager.getProject();
	}
}
```

> You can register for any changes on the Salt project (e.g. added annotations to a document), by adding a [Salt notification listener](https://korpling.github.io/salt/doc/notification.html) to the project manager using its `addListener(...)` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can register for any changes on the Salt project (e.g., added annotations to a document), by adding a *Salt notification listener* to the project manager using its `addListener(Listener listener)` function.
For more information on Salt notification listener's, see the [Salt notification documentation](https://korpling.github.io/salt/doc/notification.html).
```

> After registering your listener, you will receive *all* updates for all documents all changes to the project structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After registering your listener, you will receive *all* updates for *all* documents and *all* changes to the project structure.
```

> You have to decide if you need to handle an update on you own, e.g. because it is related to document you are editing and where the event should trigger a redraw.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to decide in your own code if you need to handle an update, e.g., because it is related to a document you are editing for which the event should trigger a redraw of the editor you are implementing.
```

Author: Resolved in bccf9c695a959fb4f84f4fe7ea7fbb0092017bce
